---
status: 
power: DUH
moderator: Ryan
reference: n/a
tags:
  - memo
time created: Tuesday, August 5th 2025, 2:33:59 pm
created: 2025-08-05T10:33
updated: 2025-08-13T16:35
---
```table-of-contents
```
# Intro 

## Before we start
-  Show Phil Command palette
	- DON'T WORK ON ANYTHING BEFORE CHECKING SYNC LOG! I fucked this whole vault up.  Wait for merging to complete
		- This won't be a problem with multiple licensing.
	- Show [[template/0.templater page|Directory system]]
	- Insert template
		- Phil works strictly out of templates Im thinking
	- Keep in mind ask me what to do for efficiency.  In settings we can change hotkeys
	- command option I, or cntrl shift I
		- If you want to code
	- Check errors
- google calendar
	- Look at obsidian calendar for memos
- check [[task board]]
- leave open [[3.USER/userDashboard/Phil dashboard]]
	- please fill out as we discuss and change
	- we need to add tag pages to this
- Anyone to add to the [[professional contacts]]
- Please ask here for [[Plugins]]
- deep seek plugin
- buy Phil license
	- can I gift obsidian?
	- We need separation for sake of organization and safety.  If we duplicate notes or delete notes we need a branch merging system.
- Schedule Weekly Discord memo review.
## Psycho Analysis of Phil
- Displays abnormal Intelligence, at least 2sd above norm.
	- Rare for a man of that intelligence to lack compulsive behaviors.
		- I believe I am intelligent and incredibly compulsive.
- Mostly immune to sexuality in socialization, only 2-5% of men are this way I've found, and it's incredible uncommon in those neurotypical.   Phil is more neurotypical than neurodivergent although display traits for both. Most people have behavioral polarity when it comes to interacting with attractive vs unattractive people.
- His objectivity beats the shit out of his subjectivity.
	- Understands systems almost immediately, like sports.
	- This could be harnessed to understand skills of others and accurate time management for project completion.  Most people are incapable of this at high level.  Most people who have it, take a while to develop it.  Phil just has it.
- I believe he is a great leader, he has just never got the opportunity.
	- Cult leader charisma without manipulative behavior.
	- Understands other peoples motivations almost immediately.  I have met so few people in life comparable to myself in skill level.  Phil seems to have this to a higher level than me.
	- Phil is so perceptive he inevitably finds predictability in human behaviors without even trying.
- Phil has an incredible memory and its not emotional.  IE some people have incorrect depictions of events due to the memory being written through the lens of emotion.  IE you said this crazy shit to me that was fucked up, in reality you hurt my feelings so my memory is incredibly exaggerated towards my own biases.
- Phil desires having a lot of money to build things, and maintaining productivity in daily routines.  Most people desire wealth for material consumerism.  Phil's only display of outward materialism are those for socialization and making conversation.  I recognize there is a stigma for black man to dress a certain way.  Phil seems to do the bare minimum to avoid the conversation.  Maybe a racist thought but black man are brainwashed in America.  The amount of interactions I've seen where black men enforce the stereotypes of black culture by identifying peers as `not black enough` clearly outweighs the per capita basis in white people.  Phil is completely immune and aware of this phenomena. 
- Phil's understanding of utility beats the shit out his appeal towards consumerism.
# The roles of the Team right now
*This will turn into a social media app for research and innovation. This will be thee most gate kept social media app of all time; with objective criteria for participating in certain fields at certain levels for the websites and mobile app; anyone can use it, anyone can learn from it, few will be given dashboards to build it (parts of users dashboard will be available to the public for the sake of their own notoriety in the field; user names can be real or an alias), all who build it will be compensated.  If we succeed, this will be a billion dollar company (100% certain if we can build it) and one of thee most important companies for human progress in the 21rst century.  I believe billionaire dollar companies will be built using our platform.  I believe academic research will be published on this platform.  I believe this company will be a safeguard for the human race against the inevitable negative outcomes of AI.  Why do I believe this grandeur, one twitter verification is dead, and bots own internet*

**if your wondering how this will be done see [[4.DUH/IT/DUH IT Documentation|here]]
- Phil find money for us with site publishing
	- [[Monetization]]
	- [[Fundraising Ideas]]
	- [[finding the first investors]]
	- Create Publishing Calendar
	- Create [[memo template|template]] for memos
		- All memos are just dates on the Calendar
- Ryan write as manny pages as possible
	- Create an editorial system
		- Check for plagiarism
	- Create server side backup
		- based on additional word count, not time
	- Ryan buy Obsidian publish
		- We will have to find solution for more java functionality.
		- We will have to find solution to run python modules
- Phil questions
	- ra
	- Are there any people who believe in the vision
## possible future team members
[[3.USER/personnel/professional contacts|professional contacts]]
# Company goals are lifestyle goals
- Cheapskate [[2.PUBLIC/home/Save Money Portal]]
	- Map all [[household consumer items]] you use.
		- When do they go on sale?
		- How can we be notified if there sales anywhere.
- Map your diet and add it to the [[2.PUBLIC/culture/cuisine/food portal]]
	- Map all food (to a quality standard, ie oats that aren't organic have crazy roundup)
		- Shelf stable on sale
	- What do you like to eat
		- add it to [[recipes portal]]
- fitness level
	- [[fitness portal]]
	- [[fitness apps and devices]]
	- create reward system for one another
	- we need to compete again it one another to be the most productive.
- you are only allowed to build what you are involved in on DUH.
- Extra Curricular (these our test users)
	- Phil Memberships
		- Choose three external groups to participate in.
	- Ryan memberships
		- refugees and immigrants
		- [[Mofa]]
		- language
		- Something gardening
- Ryan goals
	- Running
		- 5 minute mile
		- run 7 miles a week
	- google cloud dev certificate!
		- If DUH was established how would you get the job!
	- better at cooking
		- master eggs
	- speak Spanish
	- speak French
	- play chess at a high level everyday for an 1hr
		- Fr rating ranges from 950 - 1870.
		- Hit 2000 if possible
	- plan every hour of the day
		- create obsidian that functions as my own planner
		- link to sub vault access with moneyball
	- Unrealistic goals
		- Make an album using DUH's platform
			- Publish first draft of [[2.PUBLIC/art & entertainment media/music/music portal]]
			- Create research requirement for the type of project.
		- Make a movie using DUH's platform
			- Publish first draft of [[USA Film and tv portal]]
			- Finish [[rentalHouse.py.ts]] from information
			- Create research requirement for the type of project.
- Ryan's Current portals
	- [[permaculture portal]] (moderate by Ryan)
		- Organize for all of Canada except British Colombia
	- [[USA Film and tv portal]] (moderate by Ryan)
		- Organize loosely for international
		- Organize loosely for national
		- Skip region
		- Sub regions: Ohio and all of New England
	- [[Refugees and immigrants portal]]
- Assign Portals to Phil
	-[[psychology portal]]
- make `[[goals]]`
	- add what we want to do
	- Go over bank statements with one another (not screen sharing lol) to find where we could have saved money, or what we should have spent money on.
	- Start workout routine
	- take at least an hour or so out my day to study
	- learn a new language 
	- be more understanding
	- get more active in my college life
	- find a niche group at OU
	- Learn to grow a plant from a seed
## new job?
- partime remote work for Phil?
## getting to Maine

# Financing 
- [[Day trading]]
## Welcome to the call center (investment strat)
- Impersonation for unavailable information to the public.  Not technically illegal if done right in one party consent states.
	- Dumby numbers
	- For instance film, hollywood area code
- Organize all [[one party consent states]] public companies
	- Create goal pricing for each stock
		- Set likelihood of decade survivability
		- Set scanner for price drop
		- Set stop loss for automatically selling
		- Set buy back price.
- [[betting on politics]] lol
- Start looking at international market due to tariffs
## making money is just understanding taxes

### trading accounts
We are agents Phil, because demonstrate agency. We don't make any money till we have a 25k day trading account (only 4 trades a week buying selling on the day).  This doesn't matter if finra changes limit to 2,000.
- how do we link accounts to other people
	- We do what Michael Burry does.
[[0.inbox/day trading taxes]]
### DUH employment larping
#### before we get in trouble
We have to file 400 dollars of income.  But if we make 20,000 and spend it on business, no tax.  
#### first income from DUH
Think of salary now based on [[US tax brackets]].  As we work our way up, we will create a system for those beneath us to follow.

We want to make $48,475.  This is the 12% tax bracket.  There is huge jump to 20% over this, so in reality right now you don't need to make that income right now to save the money.

If we go over, don't pay 20% for ever dollar made over 48k, hit 48k.  Take every break possible.
- [[DUH mega backdoor IRA]]
- [[DUH employee tax strategy]]
- [[per diem]] *bro think any everything lol*

### investor modeling
[[future ownership math]]

## find first investors
[[finding the first investors]] *depending on* [[Guide to Non-profits]] *if non-profit then* [[donations]]
[[going from non profit a profit company]]
## never pay off student loans
Just take a cheap class to defer till death.  No interest rate hikes, no nothing. Actually cheaper in the long run in most examples.  You can fail the course lol doesn't matter.

## other supply chains
- [[2.PUBLIC/entrepreneurship/drop shipping]]
- what can we sell that fits in an envelope!
	- [[DUH Online Nursery]]

## the sketchy
*post info is not illegal, however could be evidence used in a court of law if found in procession quantity for intent to distribute.  You are only as smart as your dumbest costumer*
- [[2.PUBLIC/permaculture/cannabis/Cannabis portal|Cannabis portal]]
- [[magic mushrooms]]
- [[cash only business]]
- [[Cottage Law]]
	- The front for magic mushrooms
	- [[grains and pseudo grains]]
# future thoughts
We need to migrate from obsidian to opensource markdown down reader, or convert to it.  Obsidian is all graphical, we need a server side program for more dynamic capabilities.

How do we set up account.  Separate money for Phil and Ryan.  Not really important, but it'll serve how we payout users.  If you have a user account of the site, you will/ have to make money.  Everyone logging in will make money.

AI for templating, auto filling, and folder organization.  I thought something like this exsisted but no.

Discord and reddit.  Hosting online communities.
# Postponed
- all reports
- the thoughts of Users
- the thoughts of Chmod and authority regulation
- James M Mcgill, justice matters most, *JUST MAKE MONEY*